in the seventh year of Jehu joash became
in the seventh year of Jehu joash became King and he reigned 40 years in
King and he reigned 40 years in
King and he reigned 40 years in Jerusalem his mother's name was zippier
Jerusalem his mother's name was zippier
Jerusalem his mother's name was zippier of Beersheba
joash did what was right in the sight of
joash did what was right in the sight of the Lord all the days in which jehoiada
the Lord all the days in which jehoiada
the Lord all the days in which jehoiada the priest instructed him but the high
the priest instructed him but the high
the priest instructed him but the high places were not taken away the people
places were not taken away the people
places were not taken away the people still sacrificed and burned incense on
still sacrificed and burned incense on
still sacrificed and burned incense on the high places and joash said to the
the high places and joash said to the
the high places and joash said to the priests all the money of the dedicated
priests all the money of the dedicated
priests all the money of the dedicated gifts that are brought into the house of
gifts that are brought into the house of
gifts that are brought into the house of the Lord
the Lord
the Lord each man census money each man's
each man census money each man's
each man census money each man's assessment money and all the money that
assessment money and all the money that
assessment money and all the money that a man purposes in his heart to bring
a man purposes in his heart to bring
a man purposes in his heart to bring into the house of the Lord but the
into the house of the Lord but the
into the house of the Lord but the priests take it themselves each from his
priests take it themselves each from his
priests take it themselves each from his constituency and let them repair the
constituency and let them repair the
constituency and let them repair the damages of the temple wherever any
damages of the temple wherever any
damages of the temple wherever any dilapidation is found now it was so by
dilapidation is found now it was so by
dilapidation is found now it was so by the 23rd year of King joash that the
the 23rd year of King joash that the
the 23rd year of King joash that the priests had not repaired the damages of
priests had not repaired the damages of
priests had not repaired the damages of the temple
the temple
the temple so King joash called jehoiada the priest
so King joash called jehoiada the priest
so King joash called jehoiada the priest and the other priests why have you not
and the other priests why have you not
and the other priests why have you not repaired the damages of the temple now
repaired the damages of the temple now
repaired the damages of the temple now therefore do not take more money from
therefore do not take more money from
therefore do not take more money from your constituency but deliver it for
your constituency but deliver it for
your constituency but deliver it for repairing the damages of the temple and
repairing the damages of the temple and
repairing the damages of the temple and the priests agreed that they would
the priests agreed that they would
the priests agreed that they would neither receive more money from the
neither receive more money from the
neither receive more money from the people nor repair the damages of the
people nor repair the damages of the
people nor repair the damages of the temple then jehoiada the priest took a
temple then jehoiada the priest took a
temple then jehoiada the priest took a chest or a hole in its lid and set it
chest or a hole in its lid and set it
chest or a hole in its lid and set it beside the altar on the right side as
beside the altar on the right side as
beside the altar on the right side as one comes into the house of the Lord and
one comes into the house of the Lord and
one comes into the house of the Lord and the priests who kept the door put there
the priests who kept the door put there
the priests who kept the door put there all the money brought into the house of
all the money brought into the house of
all the money brought into the house of the Lord so it was whenever they saw
the Lord so it was whenever they saw
the Lord so it was whenever they saw that there was much money in the chest
that there was much money in the chest
that there was much money in the chest that the Kings scribe and the high
that the Kings scribe and the high
that the Kings scribe and the high priest came up and put it in bags and
priest came up and put it in bags and
priest came up and put it in bags and counted the money that was found in the
counted the money that was found in the
counted the money that was found in the house of the Lord then they gave the
house of the Lord then they gave the
house of the Lord then they gave the money which had been apportioned into
money which had been apportioned into
money which had been apportioned into the hands of those who did the work who
the hands of those who did the work who
the hands of those who did the work who had the oversight of the house of the
had the oversight of the house of the
had the oversight of the house of the Lord
Lord
Lord and they paid it on to the carpenters
and they paid it on to the carpenters
and they paid it on to the carpenters and builders who worked on the house of
and builders who worked on the house of
and builders who worked on the house of the Lord and to masons and stone cutters
the Lord and to masons and stone cutters
the Lord and to masons and stone cutters and for buying timber and hewn stone to
and for buying timber and hewn stone to
and for buying timber and hewn stone to repair the damage of the house of the
repair the damage of the house of the
repair the damage of the house of the Lord and for all that was paid out to
Lord and for all that was paid out to
Lord and for all that was paid out to repair the temple however they were not
repair the temple however they were not
repair the temple however they were not made for the house of the Lord
made for the house of the Lord
made for the house of the Lord basins of silver trimmers sprinkling
basins of silver trimmers sprinkling
basins of silver trimmers sprinkling bones
bones
bones trumpets any articles of gold or
trumpets any articles of gold or
trumpets any articles of gold or articles of silver from the money
articles of silver from the money
articles of silver from the money brought into the house of the Lord but
brought into the house of the Lord but
brought into the house of the Lord but they gave that to the workmen and they
they gave that to the workmen and they
they gave that to the workmen and they repaired the house of the Lord with it
repaired the house of the Lord with it
repaired the house of the Lord with it moreover they did not require an account
moreover they did not require an account
moreover they did not require an account from the men into whose hand they
from the men into whose hand they
from the men into whose hand they delivered the money to be paid to work
delivered the money to be paid to work
delivered the money to be paid to work them for they dealt faithfully the money
them for they dealt faithfully the money
them for they dealt faithfully the money from the trespass offerings and the
from the trespass offerings and the
from the trespass offerings and the money from the sin offerings was not
money from the sin offerings was not
money from the sin offerings was not brought into the house of the law
brought into the house of the law
brought into the house of the law it belonged to the priests has a king of
it belonged to the priests has a king of
it belonged to the priests has a king of Syria went up and fought against Gath
Syria went up and fought against Gath
Syria went up and fought against Gath and took it then has al set his face to
and took it then has al set his face to
and took it then has al set his face to go up to Jerusalem
go up to Jerusalem
go up to Jerusalem and joash king of judah took all the
and joash king of judah took all the
and joash king of judah took all the sacred things that his father's
sacred things that his father's
sacred things that his father's jehosophat and jihad room and a huzzah
jehosophat and jihad room and a huzzah
jehosophat and jihad room and a huzzah kings of judah had dedicated and his own
kings of judah had dedicated and his own
kings of judah had dedicated and his own sacred things and all the gold found in
sacred things and all the gold found in
sacred things and all the gold found in the Treasuries of the house of the lord
the Treasuries of the house of the lord
the Treasuries of the house of the lord and in the king's house and sent them to
and in the king's house and sent them to
and in the king's house and sent them to has al king of syria then he went away
has al king of syria then he went away
has al king of syria then he went away from Jerusalem now the rest of the acts
from Jerusalem now the rest of the acts
from Jerusalem now the rest of the acts of joash and all that he did are they
of joash and all that he did are they
of joash and all that he did are they not written in the book of the
not written in the book of the
not written in the book of the chronicles of the kings of judah and his
chronicles of the kings of judah and his
chronicles of the kings of judah and his servants arose and formed a conspiracy
servants arose and formed a conspiracy
servants arose and formed a conspiracy and killed Jewish in the house of Miller
and killed Jewish in the house of Miller
and killed Jewish in the house of Miller which goes down to Silla for Joseph the
which goes down to Silla for Joseph the
which goes down to Silla for Joseph the son of Shem EF and G has Abed the son of
son of Shem EF and G has Abed the son of
son of Shem EF and G has Abed the son of showman his servants struck him
showman his servants struck him
showman his servants struck him so he died and they buried him with his
so he died and they buried him with his
so he died and they buried him with his father's in the City of David then a
father's in the City of David then a
father's in the City of David then a messiah his son reigned in his place
messiah his son reigned in his place
messiah his son reigned in his place [Music]
[Music]
[Music] you